Our regular domain is better, we're in
the process of having an SSL in place.
We kind of fixed the client
side routing issue half x,
we'll go get ourselves half credit for
that one.
And now we have the issue where it's still
located my case and In Virginia, right?
Not too bad, but
like the further you get from Virginia,
the worse it's going to get.
So the way that we will solve for that is
using a little thing called CloudFront.
We'll talk about that one together.
We're gonna set up CloudFront,
CloudFront takes a little bit because,
like mentioned before,
it's setting up your assets
on a CDN around the world.
So what we're gonna do is, we're gonna go
through and set it up for a little bit.
Then we'll talk about and explain that,
while it's baking, and that will
then allow us to hopefully by the time I'm
done talking, it should be ready to go.
So the steps that we're gonna do together,
I'm just gonna kind of call them out,
is we're gonna create a new
CloudFront distribution, right?
A distribution is just a CloudFront setup.
If S3 is buckets,
then CloudFront is distributions, right?
So we're distributing your app around
the world, it's a CloudFront distribution.
We are gonna point it at
our static website on S3,
we'll add in those domain names.
We'll set up the GCP and
brought lien of our applications,
will set a default route object.
Basically set a point to the S3 bucket
you will now talk to CloudFront.
While that is all cooking, we will kind of
get a little bit more into what CloudFront
is and why we did all of that, but
let's start the process in our case.
So we'll head over to CloudFront,
back in the console,
we'll find CloudFront.
There's also Cloud Nine, cloud
formation which is like templates for
a lot of this stuff.
CloudWatch, which is your logs,
Cloud Nine, which is an editor.
It's great, everything's great, so
let's get this set up, let's go ahead and
we'll create a new
CloudFront distribution.
So the origin domain,
we're gonna start by,
it feels really tempting to
pick one of these If you do,
it will break quietly and silently.
Now there's a way to get these
working in a little bit, but
right now without actually
pointing out the S3 bucket,
We wanna point to the actual
website that we have.
But yeah, usually like yeah,
I'm gonna click one of these,
it's not gonna be a great scene.
So there's a way to eventually get
this working in a little bit, but
we're gonna have to do some
additional steps as well.
And we'll actually solve for another
problem as we handle that, but for now,
go back into that bucket actually for
a second, so S3.
And we'll find, superawesome.click,
into the properties.
We want this version of the URL.
So CloudFront is gonna point at that URL,
like I said,
if you pick that one from the list,
it won't work.
A lot of this stuff with S3 and
CloudFront is like oral history, so
there's a lot of places that will
say you can never get it to work.
If you picked from that list,
it's technically not true anymore,
we'll cover how to make it work, but right
now it's definitely still true, so, yeah.
So it's one of those things you guys,
to be careful what you read,
some of the stuff like most things,
so we'll paste in that URL.
And you can see that it mostly
figured out where it's going,
we have that kind of in place.
So you can basically add any custom
headers we don't really need at
this point.
Origin shield is even more protection,
origin shield we talked about CloudFront.
I'll kind of mentioned a little bit more,
we'll make sure even fewer things
make it to the actual source, right?
It's usually helpful to protect
load from your actual servers, for
the case of S3 buckets, it's maybe
not the most important thing, so
we're gonna skip it just for now.
Scrolling down a little bit more,
we've got the path pattern,
we basically want the same basic setup for
most things.
I'll show you how to add
special cases like no,
I want my images to have a different
cache policy than my JavaScript files.
You can do all that right now, we just
don't have enough to care just yet.
It used to be that the settings for this,
you had to change a whole bunch
to actually do the right thing.
The nice part about the modern day
setup of CloudFront is that like,
the good choices are mostly in place for
you.
So yeah,
we would like to compress objects,
like cool if you can Jesup things and
use Brotli compression.
Please do, right, don't make me opt
into that I would like that please.
The one we are gonna change which
is if they go to HTTP colon slash,
just move them over to HTTPS, right?
So have that in place allowed methods,
this one for our cases,
getting head is just fine.
However, you could put CloudFront in front
of an API, as well, which point you would
might want to let POST requests
through and stuff along those lines.
So this one would just putting
the static assets there,
they're just gonna get our lovely web
pages and load them into their browsers.
We'll go with the recommended
cache policy,
we will spend more than enough
time in this section later.
Going through, use all the edge locations
versus US only North America and
Europe, yeah,
you can pick different regions.
Some of this might have to do with
those ads on YouTube videos and
podcasts for VPN where you can get stuff.
Also different legal requirements on where
you can and cannot have data so on and
so forth.
But for our cases like, yeah,
we want the best possible
performance alternative domain name.
We do want to set that up and
we're gonna add in superawesome.click or
in your case your own and you guessed it,
www.superawesome.click.
So then we need to tell it where
the SSL HTTPS, all right, fingers crossed.
Hey, my cert is ready,
as we did it before.
I would have been a real bummer if I got
this far like and now we have to stop,
go make a cert and wait.
So the reason we made that certificate
before in the Amazon certificate
manager is to have it ready to go now,
so that is in place.
You'll notice if you don't see it,
you might have to go regenerate it in
US East one, right, the little note here,
which is certificate must be generated
in US East, North Virginia region 1.
The reason for that is technically while
CloudFront is globally distributed,
that is like technically
where CloudFront lives.
So all the CloudFront specific
stuff needs to be in US East 1,
so if you had a US East 2 or a US West 2.
Which is when I was like
doing it the other day, and
then I had to do it a second time
because I forgot about that fact.
You do need to just go through
the same process we did before,
we'll give you a little time, a little bit
to just regenerate the cert in US East 1.
Going on, I want to support HTTP/2, which
we'll talk about in a second as well.
And then the default route object in
this case is gonna be slash index.HTML,
right, just as it was
when we set it up in S3.
Go ahead and
we will create that distribution, and
while we're at it,
we are going to change the route 53 for
now pointing to the just the bucket,
to our CloudFront distribution.
Registered domains, managed DNS,
remember we're gonna view the details.
In this case we can go find it,
edit the record,
now alias instead to
a CloudFront distribution,
that's gonna be in US East 1.
Here's our very fancy name,
if you did not register domain name,
obviously don't have to do this part.
But this will likely be the domain
name that you'll be working with,
which is totally fine, and
we'll have that in place.
And everything else
here seems really cool,
this is what I was talking
about before about.
If you had multiple servers, right, and
you wanted to route it to
the one closest to them.
They want the lowest latency so
on and so forth,
we're using CloudFront which that
is literally what CloudFront does.
So we don't need that but kind of just
pointing out that was there All right,
so now we are also
updating the DNS as well,
let's go ahead and
do the same, for the www.
So we will let that cook for
a little bit, in the meantime,
let's talk a little bit about S3.